docs: :memo: expand on inclusions and exclusions (#133)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/function-flow.Rmd

#### HbA1c tests above 48 mmol/mol

The function `include_hba1c()` uses `lab_forsker` as the input data to
extract the dates of all elevated HbA1c test results: $\geq$ 48 mmol/mol
(IFCC units, `analysiscode` NPU27300) or $\geq$ 6.5% (DCCT units,
`analysiscode` NPU03835). Multiple elevated results on the same day
within each individual are deduplicated, to account for the same test
result being reported as two rows (one for IFCC, one for DCCT units).

`include_hba1c()` outputs a 2-column data frame containing the following
variables:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)

> -   the dates of all elevated HbA1c test results (`do_pos_hba1c`).

Author: It would work for the immediate output, but we'd have to rename to column when joining to the other inclusion data frames if their columns ar

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   date (`d_inddto`)
-   department specialty (`c_spec`)
-   diagnosis code (`c_diag`)
-   diagnosis type (`c_diagtype`)

`join_lpr3()` takes `diagnoser` and `kontakter` as inputs, joins the
required information by record number (`dw_ek_kontakt`), and outputs a
`data.frame` with the following variables:

-   identifier variable (`cpr`)
-   date (`dato_start`)
-   department specialty (`hovedspeciale_ans`)
-   diagnosis code (`diagnosekode`)
-   diagnosis type (`diagnosetype`)
-   diagnosis retracted (`senere_afkraeftet`)

These outputs are passed to `include_diabetes_diagnoses()` for further
processing, see below.

**Processing of diagnoses**

The function `include_diabetes_diagnoses()` uses the hospital contacts
from LPR2 and LPR3 to include all dates of diabetes diagnoses to use for
inclusion, as well as additional information needed to classify diabetes
type. Diabetes diagnoses from both ICD-8 and ICD-10 are included.

The function takes the outputs of `join_lpr2()` and `join_lpr3()` as
inputs and processes each input separately to generate the following
internal variables:

-   LPR2-data:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable

>     -   `do_diagnosis`: include all diabetes diagnoses, registered as

Reviewer: What's the `do_` mean?

Reviewer 2: date of?

Author: Yes. It's ugly and I'm open to changing it... maybe diagnosis_date? (the only thing to keep in mind is that we should maybe name the variable in way that doesn't get it confused with the algorithm's classified date of diabetes onset - if it's needed/possible?

Reviewer: Since it is an internal function, calling it `diagnosis_date` I think would be fine.

Author: I went and simply called it "date". If it's too close to the "dates" variable output to the join_inclusions() function, we can change it.

        either "Blandet medicin og kirurgi", "Intern medicin",
        "Geriatri", "Hepatologi", "Hæmatologi", "Infektionsmedicin",
        "Kardiologi", "Medicinsk allergologi", "Medicinsk
        gastroenterologi", "Medicinsk lungesygdomme", "Nefrologi",
        "Reumatologi", "Palliativ medicin", "Akut medicin",
        "Dermato-venerologi", "Neurologi", "Onkologi", "Fysiurgi", or
        "Tropemedicin")

These intermediate results are combined for further processing, and
`include_diabetes_diagnoses()` outputs a single `data.frame` with the
following variables (one row for each individual):

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   date of the first diabetes diagnosis (`do_diagnosis_1`)
-   date of the second diabetes diagnosis (`do_diagnosis_2`)
-   number of type 1 diabetes-specific primary diagnosis codes from
    endocrinological departments (`n_t1d_endo`)
-   number of type 2 diabetes-specific primary diagnosis codes from
    endocrinological departments (`n_t2d_endo`)
-   number of type 1 diabetes-specific primary diagnosis codes from
    medical departments (`n_t1d_medical`)
-   number of type 2 diabetes-specific primary diagnosis codes from

>     medical departments (`n_t2d_medical`)

Reviewer: Are these all necessary at this point? Or could we have several columns called: `is_primary` (TRUE or FALSE), `diabetes_type` ("t1d" or "t2d"), `department` ("endocrinology" or "medical"), and `diagnosis_count` (number in each group)?

Author: For inclusion, only the dates of the first and second diagnosis is required, so all these are just for classification of diabetes type.
I think this is the minimal amount of variables that need to be passed further along for the type classification... the columns I wrote would be generated on a per-individual basis using the information found in the columns you suggested (or a by a logical statement to derive them directly without adding intermediate columns).

The output is passed to the `get_diagnosis_date()` function for the
final step of the inclusion process and is subsequently used to classify
diabetes type.

#### Diabetes-specific podiatrist services

The function `include_podiatrist_services()` uses `sysi` or `sssy` as
input to extract the dates of all diabetes-specific podiatrist services.

These dates are extracted by filtering values beginning with "54" in the

> `spec` variable of the `sssy` and `sysi` registers by default

Reviewer 2: In `variable_description`, this variable is called `speciale´. Is this discrepancy a mistake in the description or here?

Author: You're right - my mistake :)

(alternatively, the function can take the `spec2` variable as input
instead, if that is the data available to the user). In addition,
services provided to a child of the individual (`barnmak` != 0) are
excluded using the `barnmak` variable. An internal helper function
`get_unique_honuge_dates()` is applied to generate a proper date
variable based on the year-week (wwyy-formatted) variable (`honuge`)
found in the raw data, and de-duplicates multiple services registered on
the same date.

`include_podiatrist_services()` outputs a 3-column data frame with one
row for each individual, containing the following variables:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   the date of the first diabetes-specific podiatrist record

>     (`do_podiatrist_1`)

Reviewer: What does this `do_` mean? If date, let's call it `date_`.

Author: Yes, or as we discussed: use a longer format with just one variable for all dates.

-   the date of the second diabetes-specific podiatrist record
    (`do_podiatrist_2`)

The output is passed to the `get_diagnosis_date()` function for the
final step of the inclusion process.

#### GLD purchases

The function `include_gld_purchases()` uses `lmdb` to extract the dates
of all GLD purchases.

These dates are extracted by including all values beginning with "A10" in
the `atc` variable of the `lmdb` register. Since the diagnosis code data
on pregnancies (see below) is insufficient to perform censoring prior to
1997, `include_gld_purchases()` only extracts dates from 1997 onward by
default (if Medical Birth Register data is available to use for
censoring, the extraction window can be extended).

This function outputs a `data.frame` with the following variables needed
later in the classification part of the function flow:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   date (`eksd`)
-   type of drug (`atc`)
-   amount purchased (`volume` and `apk`)
-   indication code (`indo`)

> -   brand name or vnr-number (`name` or `vnr`)

Reviewer: As discussed in other PRs, let's decide on which we want here, rather than complicate it by using an "IF this THEN that" type situation.

library(osdc)
```

#### Hospital diagnoses

**Joining LPR2 and LPR3 data**

The helper functions `join_lpr2()` and `join_lpr3()` join records of
diagnoses to administrative information in LPR2-formatted and
LPR3-formatted data, respectively.

> `join_lpr2()` takes `lpr_diag` and `lpr_adm` as inputs, filters to the

Reviewer: Could be, but I think moving the algorithm details (e.g. filtering by values and variables) from the internal function naming will help make this clearer. So I'll resolve this and we can address it in a document dedicated to the internal function flow.

inclusion, as well as additional information needed to classify diabetes
type. Diabetes diagnoses from both ICD-8 and ICD-10 are included.

The function takes the outputs of `join_lpr2()` and `join_lpr3()` as
inputs and processes each input separately to generate the following
internal variables:

-   From `join_lpr2`:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `date`: dates of all included diabetes diagnoses:
    -   registered as primary (A) or secondary (B) diagnoses, regardless
        of type or department:
        -   Keep rows where `diagnosis` starts with "DE1[0-4]", "249" or
            "250", and `diagnosis_type` is either "A" or "B"
    -   `is_primary`: Define whether the diagnosis was a primary
        diagnosis (`diagnosis_type` == "A")
    -   `is_t1d`: Define whether the diagnosis was T1D-specific
        (`diagnosis` starts with "DE10" or "249")
    -   `is_t2d`: Define whether the diagnosis was T2D-specific
        (`diagnosis` starts with "DE11" or "250")
    -   `department`: Define whether the diagnosis was made made by an
        endocrinological (if `specialty` == 8 then `department` ==
        "endocrinology") or other medical department (if `specialty` \<

>         8 or 9-30 then `department` == "other medical")

Reviewer: There are more than 30 specialties.

>         8 or 9-30 then `department` == "other medical")

Author: Yes.
I see I was inconsistent in whether I described something as the output of a function or the input to a function.

    -   `is_t1d`: Define whether the diagnosis was T1D-specific
        (`diagnosis` starts with "DE10")
    -   `is_t2d`: Define whether the diagnosis was T2D-specific
        (`diagnosis` starts with "DE11")
    -   `department`: Define whether the diagnosis was made made by an
        endocrinological department (if `specialty` == "medicinsk
        endokrinologi" then `department` == "endocrinology") or other
        medical department (if `specialty` is any of "Blandet medicin og
        kirurgi", "Intern medicin", "Geriatri", "Hepatologi",
        "Hæmatologi", "Infektionsmedicin", "Kardiologi", "Medicinsk
        allergologi", "Medicinsk gastroenterologi", "Medicinsk
        lungesygdomme", "Nefrologi", "Reumatologi", "Palliativ medicin",
        "Akut medicin", "Dermato-venerologi", "Neurologi", "Onkologi",
        "Fysiurgi", or "Tropemedicin" then `department` == "other
        medical")

Internally, these intermediate results are combined and processed
together. And ultimately, `include_diabetes_diagnoses()` outputs a
single `data.frame` with the following variables (up to two rows per
individual):

-   `pnr`: identifier variable

> -   `dates`: dates of the first and second hospital diabetes diagnosis

Author: Yes. It (and the counting of type-specific primary diagnoses) should be done in `include_diabetes_diagnoses()`.
As early as possible, as it reduces the memory footprint quite a bit.

-   `n_t1d_endocrinology`: number of type 1 diabetes-specific primary
    diagnosis codes from endocrinological departments
-   `n_t2d_endocrinology`: number of type 2 diabetes-specific primary
    diagnosis codes from endocrinological departments
-   `n_t1d_medical`: number of type 1 diabetes-specific primary
    diagnosis codes from medical departments
-   `n_t2d_medical`: number of type 2 diabetes-specific primary
    diagnosis codes from medical departments

This output is passed to the `join_inclusions()` function, where the
`dates` variable is used for the final step of the inclusion process.
The variables of counts of diabetes type-specific primary diagnoses (the four columns prefixed `n_` above) are
carried over for the subsequent classification of diabetes type,
initially as inputs to the `get_t1d_primary_diagnosis()` and
`get_majority_of_t1d_diagnoses()` functions.

#### Diabetes-specific podiatrist services

The function `include_podiatrist_services()` uses `sysi` or `sssy` as
input to extract the dates of all diabetes-specific podiatrist services.

These dates are extracted by filtering values beginning with "54" in the

> `speciale` variable of the `sssy` and `sysi` registers by default

Author: Yes - they're appended/row-bound.

(alternatively, the function can take the `spec2` variable as input

> instead, if that is the data available to the user). In addition,

Reviewer 2: Maybe include this alternative in a v2?

> instead, if that is the data available to the user). In addition,

Author: I agree. This is very unimportant. I say we just leave `spec2` completely unmentioned and then if someone has the need to support it one day, then we can deal with it then.

-   `atc`: type of drug
-   `contained_doses`: amount purchased, in number of defined daily
    doses (DDD). Calculated as `volume` (doses contained in the
    purchased package) times `apk` (number of packages purchased)
-   `indication_code`: indication code of the prescription (renamed from
    `indo`)

These events are then passed to a chain of exclusion functions:
`exclude_potential_pcos()` and `exclude_pregnancy()` described in the
sections below.

### Exclusion events

#### Metformin purchases potentially for the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome

The function `exclude_potential_pcos()` takes the output from
`include_gld_purchases()` and `bef` (information on sex and date of
birth) as inputs and censors (filters out) all purchases of metformin in
women below age 40 at the date of purchase (`atc` = "A10BA02" & `sex` =
"woman" & age at purchase (`date`-`date_of_birth`) \< 40 years) or an
indication code suggesting the prescription was made for treatment of
polycystic ovary syndrome (`atc` = "A10BA02" & `sex` = "woman" &
`indication_code` either of "0000092", "0000276" or "0000781").

This function only performs a filtering operation, and output retains

> the same structure and variables as the input passed from

Author: From `include_gld_purchases()`, it's just filtering rows output from there

`include_gld_purchases()`. After these exclusions are made, the output

> is passed to `exclude_pregnancy()` for further censoring, described

Author: The weight-loss drugs are no longer an issue, since we stopped using GLP1-RA drugs for inclusion (all weightloss drugs are GLP1-RAs). They're filtered out in the very beginning of include_gld_purchases() (lines 274-278).

below:

#### HbA1c tests and GLD purchases during pregnancy

The function `exclude_pregnancy()` takes the combined outputs from
`join_lpr2()`, `join_lpr3()`, `include_hba1c()`, and
`exclude_potential_pcos()` and uses diagnoses from LPR2 or LPR3 to
exclude both elevated HbA1c tests and GLD purchases during pregnancy, as
these may be due to gestational diabetes, rather than type 1 or type 2
diabetes.

Internally, this relies on the function `get_pregnancy_dates()` that
uses diagnoses registered in the National Patient Register to extract
the dates of all recorded pregnancy endings (live births or
miscarriages). These are identified by `diagnosis` values beginning with
"DO0[0-6]", "DO8[0-4]" or "DZ3[37]". The dates output by

> `get_pregnancy_dates()` are used to exclude all inclusion events

Author: > So `get_pregnancy_dates()` output looks something like:
> 
> * `pnr`
> * `pregnancy_startdate`
> * `pregnancy_enddate`
> 
> ?
 
The diagnosis data only specifies the end of pregnancies, so it only returns that as output:

 * `pnr`
 * `pregnancy_enddate`

Then, `pregnancy_enddate` is used by `exclude_pregnancy()` to censor/filter events within a period time adjacent to these dates .

> `get_pregnancy_dates()` are used to exclude all inclusion events

Reviewer 2: Oh, yeah, that's right! Thanks 👍

registered between 40 weeks before and 12 weeks after a pregnancy
ending.

After these exclusion functions have been applied, the output serves as
inputs to two sets of functions:

1.  The censored HbA1c and GLD data are passed to the
    `join_inclusions()` function for the final step of the inclusion
    process.
2.  the censored GLD data is passed to the
    `get_only_insulin_purchases()`,
    `get_insulin_purchases_within_180_days()`, and
    `get_insulin_is_two_thirds_of_gld_doses()` helper functions for the

>     classification of diabetes type.

Author: I'll revise this part in the other PR's where the documentation and function interfaces have been split up.

### Join inclusion events

The function `join_inclusions()` appends/row-binds the dates output from
functions the process the four types of inclusion events by `pnr`. Thus,
it takes as input the following variables output from the following
functions:

-   From `include_diabetes_diagnoses()`:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `dates`: dates of the first and second hospital diabetes
        diagnosis
-   From `include_podiatrist_services()`
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `dates`: the dates of the first and second diabetes-specific
        podiatrist record
-   From `exclude_pregnancy()`:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `dates`: the dates of the first and second elevated HbA1c test
        results (after censoring)
-   From `exclude_pregnancy()`:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `date`: dates of all purchases of GLD
        -   The dates of the first and second purchase of GLD of each
            individual are extracted from these and appended as two rows

>             to the ´dates´ variable.

Author: In the current description, it is done inside `join_inclusions()`, where we need to do the filtering to keep the first two dates on HbA1c and GLD data after censoring pregnancies and PCOS.

The output from the function is a `data.frame` containing two variables
(`pnr` and `dates`) and 1 to 8 rows per ´pnr´. This output is passed to
`get_diagnosis_date()`.

### Get diagnosis date

> The function `get_diagnosis_date()` takes the output from

Reviewer 2: Per https://github.com/steno-aarhus/osdc/pull/133#discussion_r1891349171 , we might want to rename this function:

```suggestion
The function `get_inclusion_date()` takes the output from
```

`join_inclusions()` and defines the final diagnosis date based on all
the inclusion event types.

First, the inputs are sorted by `dates` within each level of `pnr`, then
the earliest value of `dates` is dropped, so that only those with two or
more events are included. The date of inclusion, `raw_inclusion_date`,
is then defined as the earliest value of `dates`in the remaining rows
for each individual (effectively the date of the second recorded
inclusion event). A third variable, `stable_inclusion_date`, is defined
based on `raw_inclusion_date` (if `raw_inclusion_date` \< stable
inclusion threshold (one year after medication data starts to contribute
to inclusions. Default "31-12-1997"), then `stable_inclusion_date` is
set to `NA`, else it is set to`raw_inclusion_date`). This variable
serves to limit the included cohort to only individuals with valid date
of inclusion (and thereby valid age at inclusion & duration of
diabetes).

`get_diagnosis_date()` outputs a `data.frame` with the following
variables:

-   `pnr`: identifier variable
-   `raw_inclusion_date`: date of inclusion

> -   `stable_inclusion_date`: date of inclusion of valid incident cases

Author: Good catch! We should rename the function to `get_inclusion_date()`

> -   `stable_inclusion_date`: date of inclusion of valid incident cases

Reviewer 2: I've made a suggestion in this PR for this now 👍

```

Multiple elevated results on the same day within each individual are
deduplicated, to account for the same test result often being reported
twice (one for IFCC, one for DCCT units).

`include_hba1c()` outputs a 2-column data frame containing the following
variables:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   the dates of all elevated HbA1c test results (`dates`).

The output is passed to the `exclude_pregnancy()` function for censoring
of elevated results due to potential gestational diabetes (see below).

#### GLD purchases

The function `include_gld_purchases()` uses `lmdb` to extract the dates
of all GLD purchases.

These dates are extracted by including all values beginning with "A10"
in the `atc` variable of the `lmdb` register. Since the diagnosis code
data on pregnancies (see below) is insufficient to perform censoring
prior to 1997, `include_gld_purchases()` only extracts dates from 1997
onward by default (if Medical Birth Register data is available to use
for censoring, the extraction window can be extended).

This function outputs a `data.frame` with the following variables needed
later in the classification part of the function flow:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)

> -   date (`eksd`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   date (originally `eksd` but renamed to `date`)
```

Author: Nice - expanded in latest commit.

-   type of drug (`atc`)
-   amount purchased (`volume` and `apk`)
-   indication code (`indo`)

These events are then passed to a chain of exclusion functions:
`exclude_wld_purchases()`, `exclude_potential_pcos()`,
`exclude_pregnancy()` described in the sections below.

After these exclusion functions have been applied, the output serves as
inputs to two sets of functions:

> 1.  the `get_diagnosis_date()` function for the final step of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  the `join_inclusions()` function for the final step of the
```

Technically this function, right?

library(osdc)
```

#### Hospital diagnoses

**Joining LPR2 and LPR3 data**

The helper functions `join_lpr2()` and `join_lpr3()` join records of
diagnoses to administrative information in LPR2-formatted and
LPR3-formatted data, respectively.

`join_lpr2()` takes `lpr_diag` and `lpr_adm` as inputs, filters to the
necessary diagnoses (`c_diag` starting with "DO", "DZ3", "DE1[0-4]",
"249", or "250"), joins the required information by record number
(`recnum`), and outputs a `data.frame` with the following variables:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)

> -   date (`d_inddto`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   date (originally `d_inddto`, renamed to `date`)
```

To keep things the same?

> -   department specialty (`c_spec`)

Reviewer: Is there any filtering we want to do beforehand for this as well?

Author: Yes. Fixed in latest commit.

library(osdc)
```

#### Hospital diagnoses

**Joining LPR2 and LPR3 data**

The helper functions `join_lpr2()` and `join_lpr3()` join records of
diagnoses to administrative information in LPR2-formatted and
LPR3-formatted data, respectively.

`join_lpr2()` takes `lpr_diag` and `lpr_adm` as inputs, filters to the
necessary diagnoses (`c_diag` starting with "DO", "DZ3", "DE1[0-4]",

> "249", or "250"), joins the required information by record number

Reviewer: Wait, these patterns are different from the ones indicated below, like here are the extra "D0" and "DZ3". What are they used for?

Author: My mistake! I just put this as a placeholder while looking up the exact diagnoses, but then I must've gotten side-tracked. Anyway, the last commit fixes this, and other comments.

final step of the inclusion process and is subsequently used to classify
diabetes type.

#### Diabetes-specific podiatrist services

The function `include_podiatrist_services()` uses `sysi` or `sssy` as
input to extract the dates of all diabetes-specific podiatrist services.

These dates are extracted by filtering values beginning with "54" in the
`speciale` variable of the `sssy` and `sysi` registers by default
(alternatively, the function can take the `spec2` variable as input
instead, if that is the data available to the user). In addition,
services provided to a child of the individual (`barnmak` != 0) are
excluded using the `barnmak` variable. An internal helper function
`get_unique_honuge_dates()` is applied to generate a proper date
variable based on the year-week (wwyy-formatted) variable (`honuge`)
found in the raw data, and de-duplicates multiple services registered on
the same date.

`include_podiatrist_services()` outputs a 2-column data frame with up to
two rows for each individual, containing the following variables:

-   identifier variable (`pnr`)
-   the dates of the first and second diabetes-specific podiatrist
    record (`dates`)

> The output is passed to the `get_diagnosis_date()` function for the

Reviewer 2: Isn't it passed to the `join_inclusions()` function?

Author: Yes!

<!-- TODO: Add details on how this filtering should be done -->

> AAI: By date

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing this is a note for yourself and that it will be elaborated on later 😋

Author: Yeah, it's a draft for a reason 😁

#### GLD purchases

The function `include_gld_purchases()` uses `lmdb` to extract the dates
of all GLD purchases.

> These dates are extracted by filtering values beginning with "A10" in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These dates are extracted by including all values beginning with "A10" in
```

> the `atc` column of the `lmdb` register. In addition to the identifier
> variable (`pnr`) and date (`eksd`), additional information needed for
> censoring or for classification of diabetes type are also extracted: the
> type of drug (`atc`), the amount purchased (`volume` and `apk`), the
> indication code (`indo`), and its brand name or vnr-number (`name` or
> `vnr`). These events are then passed to a chain of exclusion functions:
> `exclude_wld_purchases()`, `exclude_potential_pcos()`,
> `exclude_pregnancy()` described in the sections below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the `atc` column of the `lmdb` register. 

This function outputs a `data.frame` with the following variables needed later in the classification part of the function flow: 

- identifier variable (`pnr`)
- date (`eksd`), additional 
- type of drug (`atc`), 
- amount purchased (`volume` and `apk`), 
- indication code (`indo`), and 
- brand name or vnr-number (`name` or `vnr`). 

These events are then passed to a chain of exclusion functions described in the sections below.
```

After these exclusion functions have been applied, the output serves as
inputs to two sets of functions:

1.  the `get_diagnosis_date()` function for the final step of the
    inclusion process.
2.  the `get_only_insulin_purchases()`,
    `get_insulin_purchases_within_180_days()`, and
    `get_insulin_is_two_thirds_of_gld_doses()` helper functions for the
    classification of diabetes type.

Since the diagnosis code data on pregnancies is insufficient to perform
censoring prior to 1997, `include_gld_purchases()` only extracts dates
from 1997 onward by default (if Medical Birth Register data is available

> to use for censoring, the extraction window can be extended).

Reviewer 2: Does this mean that we need an argument with a default of 1997-*newest data* that can be changed to include data prior to 1997? 
Or do we not want to include such an argument just yet, but maybe further down the line?

Author: Yes. And yes, I think it's fine to include it now, since it's just a default argument.

### Exclusion events

#### HbA1c tests and GLD purchases during pregnancy

> The function `exclude_pregnancy()` uses diagnoses from LPR2 or LPR3 as

Reviewer 2: *Which* diagnoses? I'm guessing that this function will exclude people with specific diagnosis codes? Which code(s) is that? 
Will it using the column `c_diag` in `LPR2` and `diagnosekode` in `LPR3`, maybe? Should this function also exclude based on diagnosis *type*?

Author: Good point - tiny little **HUGE** detail I forgot to mention there 😄

is also a requirement.

Thus, the function takes the following inputs from
`get_diagnosis_date()`, `exclude_pregnancy()`, and
`include_diabetes_diagnoses()`:

-   From `get_diagnosis_date()`: Information on date of diagnosis of
    diabetes
    -   `pnr`
    -   `raw_inclusion_date`
    -   `stable_inclusion_date`
-   From `exclude_pregnancy()`: Information on historic GLD purchases:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `date`: dates of all purchases of GLD.
    -   `atc`: type of drug
    -   `contained_doses`: defined daily doses of drug contained in
        purchase
-   From `include_diabetes_diagnoses()`: Information on diabetes
    type-specific primary diagnoses from hospitals:
    -   `pnr`: identifier variable
    -   `n_t1d_endocrinology`: number of type 1 diabetes-specific
        primary diagnosis codes from endocrinological departments
    -   `n_t2d_endocrinology`: number of type 2 diabetes-specific
        primary diagnosis codes from endocrinological departments
    -   `n_t1d_medical`: number of type 1 diabetes-specific primary
        diagnosis codes from medical departments
    -   `n_t2d_medical`: number of type 2 diabetes-specific primary

>         diagnosis codes from medical departments

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't these columns be kept in `get_diagnosis_date()` then?

Author: That's a question! I've been unsure of how to best handle these outputs from `include_diabetes_diagnoses()` and `exclude_pregnancy()`. Whether to keep these variables in `get_diagnosis_date()` and process them internally in that function (that is probably what I should have done), or pass them "outside" `get_diagnosis_date()` to `get_diabetes_type()` (which is what I've done here).

Now, I much prefer to pass them to `get_diagnosis_date()` and put all the helper functions (`get_only_insulin_purchases()`, `get_insulin_purchases_within_180_days()`, `get_insulin_is_two_thirds_of_gld_doses()`, `get_any_t1d_primary_diagnoses()`, `get_type_diagnoses_from_endocrinology()`, and `get_type_diagnosis_majority()`) inside of `get_diagnosis_date()` and have them generate columns with a boolean variable for each of their outputs. That would be much better, and the output is in a format that is easy to process in `get_diabetes_type()`.

Author: I'll revise this part in the other PR's where the documentation and function interfaces have been split up.
